You remember, Mr. Stone, that Mr. Shine's private time was entitled to have either
physicists or New Year's all?
I heard some touched the money, but not both.
I heard some touched the money about that, yes.
And you were with him on New Year's Eve, or you not?
Yes, at a time a telegram was received.
Nothing.
Did you know about him receiving a telegram?
That was not New Year's Eve, sir. That was in the afternoon.
In the afternoon, Elvis, the last day of the year.
Yes, that's right.
Very referring to the incident which General Ryan described on the stand about the mix-up
and not weekend in the telegram and my phone call down.
That's right.
Those kinds of rounds?
Yes, that was the year's to know, if you send a thirty-first.
That's the afternoon.
Yes, sir.
And you telephoned and threatened off to mix-up by saying,
, by the time and eye, how did this really work?
Yes, I called that number.
Well, the answer is yes.
He got the telegram and he had to be told me it's not in this.
Yes.
I called that number, yes.
And it said, private time and eye, obviously it worked.
I don't think I went in detail about the Italy it worked, sir.
I know.
So how do you hear that we did work?
And the only reason that he was out of that afternoon and night.
And the next two days as well was because of the threat of somebody business.
He was the answer yesterday afternoon.
The answer yesterday, we had a few, many words.
And the fight that he had to have to have to have a few years night.
And he could have sometime knocked off and had a little fun.
Could I, sir?
Yes.
Well, I had this situation with the well.
The only question is, is if I could be surprised if you could knock off.
I'm trying to say what happened to him.
And have a little fun.
I had this situation made out of serious illness and my family chose to shortly before that.
I did not tell out I'd stay home on New Year's Eve.
Sorry, wait a minute.
And I had around all about, I'd say, two or three in the morning.
You'd erupt into your work?
No, I'd finished working just yet.
About two or three in the morning, I went out a little friend home for an hour,
going to night in home.
Day, with him?
No, he was not.
Where was he?
To the home, I thought.
To the home?
Did you see him, Eddie?
Yes, I did see him, Eddie.
I did see him, my house.
Until what time?
I think he left around, um, 1230, something like that.
Where you living at work until then, and from, uh, I'm afraid we were there.
You guys seem to need almost a bulb and the arm and call of duty to work so late and so on.
We, uh, on New Year's Eve, we did work on that particular day of the annual report
with you happy for you.
Now, I'm going to call on when you consider what I have gone over with you in your testimony.
And the work product that I hold in my hand, you may seriously tell it's the bitters,
that it was not said before, trying out a forte.
How long have you come to produce what leaves out here?
Uh, could it be answered?
No, well, the answer is yes, though.
So we're not necessarily saying what's the time?
It was not up and done and the further answered, you of course have not given any complete fiction.
Can you tell us whether or not you know so much what's missing, signs on New Year's Eve here to my house?
Was anyone with you?
Anyone with you?
I'll tell you everyone who was there.
Um, I was there.
I was in 75, but you may have to go with that.
I was there, two or three friends of mine were there.
I will ask you their names, but they men or women.
They were, they were a couple, a friend of mine, his wife,
there's another friend of mine, man, a date sign,
and there was a young lady who was a friend of Dave Shines who came up later in the evening.
Now, I'm not asking to identify her.
Well, you know, it's getting already 30, how do you say that?
Yes, but I'm certainly not going to ask you to identify her and make you wish to.
No, I don't.
At first time, you killed her.
I don't know exactly.
Tell us the best you can.
Oh, that's what I can, I would say, it was about, uh, can, something like that.
I have to work through time and experience.
I'll give back to you when you're ready.
You can continue, let's return to our studio.
Come on, come on to my place.
Come on, come on.
Where's my leg?
Thank you.
Now, I put him inside the other, I have to work through.
You have another 10 minutes.
I want to come back, Mr. Stone, to the item that we were talking about this morning.
I gathered this summer down a little, that it's early interest to bring with my remodulatory soul.
You about this situation of possible subversive and secure to us, and even spies, the tort mom.
Is that right?
Uh, yes.
And I think you abused the words to deserve it, that you found it a disturbing situation.
Yes.
And you had to speak only a sort of a glimpse, that you couldn't get all bigger to us or how little it was.
Good, no, the beginning.
And you probably knew enough about tort mom must have found out quickly enough about tort mom must, to know it was a sensitive place, didn't you?
Uh, yes.
And I'm sure the knowledge that you have was the source, Mr. Stone, to one in your position, of some anxiety for the nation's safety.
It was one situation among a number of serious situations just as well.
I don't know how many words you have, but I'm sure that was you, a discerning and alarming situation.
So, certainly, it's very enough to meet a one of us, check into it and see how many facts we could check out and stop it as soon as possible.
Well, it was a question of developing these over the thing that we have to do is stop, I didn't.
Stop, I didn't.
Stop the risk.
The risk of death.
Yes, well, we had to do it and stop the risk.
That's right.
You have to keep those protected, get them over, fire or, fire or move them to something.
That's right, isn't it?
Uh, partly, sir.
That's partly right.
But it's high in numbers, isn't it?
Well, the thing came up.
So, you called if I told you now that we have a bad situation at Monmouth, you've got to cure this, cure it by a sundown if you could.
No, I'm sure I couldn't.
Yeah, but you'd like to if you could.
Uh, so, isn't that right?
No, the, uh, what I might say.
You can't be that must be right. It has to be right.
No, what I might like is there one watch that's going to be done at two different things.
Well, if you could be God and do anything you wish to cure it by sundown, wouldn't you?
Get that.
And you wear that alarm about Monmouth.
I was, uh, it doesn't go that way, Mr. Well, that's it.
I'm just asking how it does go.
When you find that our kindness and possible fives in a case like Monmouth, you must be alarmed, aren't you, sir?
Now you've asked me how it goes, aren't I gonna say that?
No, I didn't ask you how it goes, though.
I said, aren't you alarmed when you find out they're there?
So whenever I hear a communist or any place, whenever I hear that people have been failing to act on FVI information about time,
I do think it's alarming.
I want the time you know that and I would like to be able to advise this committee apply people who have the responsibility for getting them out,
haven't carried out there in time.
But once you want first of all, this is called an election fair with each other.
Once you want first of all, this is within your power, is to get them out, isn't it?
I don't know if I do it distinction, it's what I want to come first.
Well, it's very frankly ranked, too rapidly, high, that's it.
Who is a situation which I thought should be developed and which is developed?
Where did you first meet Secretary Stevens?
I first met Secretary Stevens on December 7th, I believe, for a number of twelve, where were you, sir?
What?
Where in Washington?
I don't remember where I was when I met him, it was in this building, he left there once in a hearing room.
Do you know that he was the new Secretary of the Army?
Yes, I did know.
And you must have had high hopes about him, didn't you?
I don't think I gave him so much thought, sir.
Do you know that anybody who wants the Secretary of the Army can do it all no matter what party is formed, do you know?
Oh, tell me, sir.
And on September 7th, when you met him, you had in your bosom this alarming situation about Monmouth, is that right?
Yes, I know about Monmouth, I know.
And you said, how about you?
Let's tell, and say, Mr. Secretary, I know something about Monmouth, but don't let me sleep tonight.
I don't know, sir.
I don't, as I've said to five of us to watch, I don't know whether I force him to sleep in the bad of dinner or not.
I know that on the 16th, I did.
Whether I force him on the 7th or not, it's something I don't know.
Don't you know that if you have really told him what your fears were and to tell him to give him to any extent, he should have dumped him the next day with sustained him?
No, sir.
Have you any reason if you then have any reason to doubt him, by the way?
All his honor, all his hatred is no, sir.
And yet, Mr. Claw, you didn't tell him what you knew.
I don't know whether I did or not.
I told him some of the things I knew, sir.
I don't think I told him everything I knew on the first vacation.
After the first two or three occasions, I think he had a pretty good idea of what we were working at.
And if you're throwing Tommy one more, every time you learn of a time a list or a spy anywhere, you get your policies to get him out of the past as possible.
Surely we won't come out of this as far as I'm concerned.
Whenever you learn of one, from now on, and you're told I'm a fake of it, when you tell somebody about it or what, just a lot of spurt with great respect,
I work for the committee here.
They know how we go about handling situations of coming into infiltration and saying that the act on FBI information about coming into infiltration.
If they are displeased with the fee, with which I and the people who work with me, proceed out to say a displeased of the order in which we move, I'm sure they will give me appropriate instructions along those lines and I will follow any which they give me.
And there I have my small voice there and say whenever you know about it, first of all, if I'm a minister of fire, please hurt.
When you remember those words, Mr. Welch, I can assure you that as far as I'm concerned, and certainly as far as the chairman of this committee and the members and the members of the staff are concerned, we are a small group, but we proceed as expeditiously as the humanly possible to get our communist and freighters.
And to bring the light, the mechanism by which they have been permitted to remain where they were, but so long a period of time.
You, that's right away.
Notting that kind of statement, but as you know, it's well-suffered request that the information be given once we know of anyone who must be performing any work for the coming of purpose.
I think we should tell him that he has any law-armed humanly and scripture, and we recommend it to the people who are working at committee.
So then for a number of years, I remember that an organization which has been in new years and years ago, has the legal borough for the coming of purpose, an organization which always brings to the sense of anyone who dares to expose communist.
I certainly assumed that Mr. Welch did not know that the society recommended him as the 50 council for the committee, but he has such a hair and such a great desire to know where anyone who looks fit, who may be serving the coming of cause of the growth.
So we said, it's still your time to reflect that you, Mr. Petrus, who was still in your law-armed day, and you asked to have down here looking over the thick that you classified as two, to the member of the organization, nothing in my name, but named by a very outstanding committee of the Attorney General, I think I spoke with the little bit of the legal borough of the committee.
So they come in the perfect, and he belongs last for a sizable number of years according to Zola and Witten. He belongs to a long after it had been exposed, and the legal arms of the Communist Party, knowing that Mr. Welch, I just thought that I had a duty to respond to your urgent request.
But before it came down, who we know of anyone serving the coming of cause, we let the agency know that we are now letting you know that you are my own dead belongs to this organization for either a three or four years long after he was out of law code.
And I don't think you can find any place anywhere in an organization which has done more to defend the Communist, and I am including the support to defend the Communist, to defend every non-adagent, and to add to the Communist cause, when the man who you originally wanted down here at the right hand, instead of Mr. Petrus, I'm sure.
I have a hesitate to bring that up, but I have a letter for you with your Tony request, Mr. Cohen, here, that he personally, yet every coming of the government before sundown, therefore, we will give you the information about the young man and your own organization.
I'm not asking you this thing, but why you tried to force him on this committee, so that you did the committee know.
For the unit of you, I remember that coming to the court in Vector Not, I don't know.
So, I assume that it's not Mr. Welk, because I get the impression that while you are slightly unactored, you're close for a laugh, I don't think you have any conception of the danger of the Communist purpose.
I don't think you yourself would ever knowingly aid the Communist cause.
I think you're unknowingly aiding it when you try to blow up your hearing and with your attempting to bring out the facts.
Madam Chair, well, Mr. Chair, you know, as a working issue, you know, in old memory, I've been to a lot of recommendations, and it's a feature of anybody else that's counsel for this committee.
Mr. Welk, I will go over the record of Mr. Chairman Lee.
Mr. Chair, it's the news story on that.
Under these circumstances, I must myself have something opposing a personal privilege.
I did not know Senator.
Senator, sometimes you say me I have your attention.
Mr. Senator, have you known?
Yes, I have.
Mr. Chairman, one year and twelve.
No, this time, I want you to listen with both.
Mr. Chairman, I think I'm here with this moment.
Mr. Chairman, we have to send someone to get the news story.
We have five participants, one of the candidates for an organization.
I will have anything to do with the long group.
Everybody gets the citation.
One of the five patients showing the first vote to the legal arm of the Communist Party and the length of time that he belongs in the fact that he's recommended him to go up.
I think that will be the record, Senator.
Chair, again, you won't need anything in the record when I've been telling you this.
Until this moment, Senator, I think I am your reading gauge.
Your cruelty or your recklessness.
That's the sure of the young man who went to the Harvard Law School and came into my firm and is starting what looks to be available to rare with it.
When I decided to work for this committee, I have given things to all of my rights to be my first participant.
I said that you picked somebody in the firm to work under you that you would like.
He told Fred Fisher, and they came down on an afternoon plane.
That night, when we had taken a little bath, I found it's been what the case is about.
Fred Fisher and Jim Finkair and I went to dinner together.
I then shared to these two young men, boy, I don't know anything about here except I've always liked you.
But if there's anything funny in the life of either one of you, there would hurt anybody in this case you speak up to it.
Fred Fisher said, Mr. Well, when I was in the law school and for a period of months after, I belonged to the lawyer's guild as a US executive.
Even on, I say I am Secretary of the Young Republicans, Louis G. Newton, with a son of Massachusetts governor.
I have the respect and admiration of my community and I'm sure I have the respect and admiration of the 25 lawyers or so in Hale & Doha.
I said, Fred, I just don't think I'm going to ask you to work on the case.
If I do one of these days, that will come out and go over national television and it will just hurt life's predictions.
The doll, Senator, I asked him to go back to work.
Little did I dream you could be so reckless and so cool as to do an injury to that laugh.
It is true he is still with Hale & Doha.
It is true that he will continue to be with Hale & Doha.
It is I, raised with this day, equally true that I fear he shall always bear a star, needlessly inflicted by you.
If it were in my power to forgive you for your reckless cruelty, I would do so.
I like to think I'm a gentleman, but your forgiveness will last forever.
We'll have to come from someone other than me.
This gentleman.
I met me at the school and Mr. Wells talked about this being true and reckless.
He was just bathing, he hasn't bathing Mr. Cohn here for hours.
The club being Mr. Cohn before sundown, get out of any department of the government.
Anyone who is serving the coming of time, I just give this man's lecture and I want to say Mr. Wells that he has been labeled long before he became a member of the very first one in 1944.
I'm not a drop in, so you know he's the most annoying.
Listen Mr. Cohn, not his head at me.
I just do I think no first linger in Mr. Cohn's nose.
I live to do no first, no?
And if I did, I'll make your blood.
Let us not assassinate this lad further.
Mr. Cohn, let's look you up down and down.
Have you no stamps of future feature have long left?
Have you left?
No stamps of future.
Another trick, Mr. Wells.
I'll be there.
I have another thing Mr. Cohn, I want to point a first over this.
I like to finish this.
And I can't hurt you too much.
Mr. Wells here has full of ups and downs.
He's been talking day after day about the way he wants to get anyone in favor of communism
out before it's done now.
I know Mr. Cohn is rather not a limited.
I intend to do other.
And Mr. Wells talks about any sense of decency if I claim that he's not the truth.
Another thing I want to know about it.
The disorganization of the name as the...
This is what is the name of the formals.
My quote, the formals legal board of the Communist Party is from the organization and controlled
union.
And which since the two structures has never failed to rally to the legal defense of the
coming of parties and individual members thereof, including known espionage agents.
Now that is not the language of some from the Catholic.
That is the language of the Illinois collectivity committees.
And I can join with...
I can join with many more citations.
It seems that Mr. Wells is paying so deeply.
He thinks it's improper for me to give the records becoming the first record of the man who
he wanted to voice upon this committee.
But it doesn't pay him at all.
There's no pain in his chest about the unfowns of tragedy against Mr. Frank Tarr.
There's no pain there about the attempts to destroy the recordations.
And the cases now are the way from the unmemory who are working in my committee.
And Mr. Wells, if I have said anything here which is untrue, then tell me, I have heard
you and everyone else talk so much about laying the trumps upon the table.
But when I heard that some people are pointing Mr. Wells out for a long time,
you say, now before it's done down, you must get these people out of the government.
So I just want to have a very clear, very clear that you were not so serious about that
and you started directing on this man for the committee.
And the other thing that Mr. Wells in front of the other is...
I have raised a belief that you did not know about his coming as front record
at the time you recommended.
I don't think you'd have recommended the committee.
If you knew that, I think it's entirely possible you won after he came on the after you recommended.
But the point is, Macarote, I have to say again that you don't have 28 months of wealth
and then your suspicion is harmful for this committee because he has to do his offer.
All the recommendations that you made and did not recall any of them coming from Mr. Wells.
And that would include the suspicion.
Let me ask Mr. Wells, if you're going down the enough to act as your foot.
Mr. McCarty, I will not discuss this further with you.
You have sat within feet of knees and could have asked me about the figures.
I will not ask Mr. Colton anymore what this is.
You, Mr. Chairman, if you will, call in their will.
Are there any questions that comes from the agenda?
What other questions can Mr. Colton have?
I just want to ask one or two questions.
Here in the piece of Colton, what other questions we have on each desk before,
Mr. McCarty, have you seen my afternoon meetings by the...
I've just heard Mr. Chairman declare a brief reset.
The ABC television network is bringing you the complete hearings into the McCarty Army controversy.
There is the general hubbob in Maylay in the committee room that the session breaks up with a brief reset.
There is Senator Joseph McCarty, rising from his seats at the committee table.
As the McCarty and the Washington Post are starting to continue on out to the day ahead.
The lady now is Mrs. Dallas.
Those look long when she just walked behind Senator McCarty.
Mrs. McCarty comes to chat to Senator for a moment.
Senator McCarty goes to speak to kindly with the chairman of the committee.
Senator Colton.
I have a brief reset.
The answer been the session.
There is Mr. James St. Clair, Associate Compton's Minister of Justice.
Senator Thomas.
Senator George John.
The meeting of the committee table is Senator Sirkson of Illinois.
Senator Vax, Senator Thomas.
Senator Thomas.
Mr. Grayson, right to the brief summary of what has occurred in this afternoon session.
Do you have seen perhaps the most dramatic moments of the entire hearing?
The question came about in this session.
I'm just going to talk to Mr. Welch.
I have suggested there's one of the counsel for this committee.
A gentleman on his law firm in Baltimore, Mr. Fisher.
Senator McCarty said that this Mr. Fisher was a member of the Welch firm.
And he was also a member of a group which was cited as a communist front organization.
The election committee and also have been named by the attorney general.
Mr. McCarty said that this man was employed by Senator Van Mr. Welch and Mr. Welch
decided to bring him into this committee, functioning in these hearings where he might have accessed the classified and secret material.
Senator McCarty further went on to say that this organization was illegal ball work of the Communist Party in the United States.
And that this member of Mr. McCarty, Mr. Welch, is firm.
Mr. Fisher had belonged to this group after its exposure and citation by the attorney general.
Mr. McCarty went on further to charge that senator that Mr. Welch wanted this gentleman, Mr. Fresh Fisher, to come here.
Rather, Mr. St. Clair is the associate of the Chase.
And then he went on to say that he was completely bored with Mr. Welch's finally request to Mr. Cohn to try to immediately get rid of Communists in various defense establishments and forts in this nation.
Mr. McCarty went on to say that he is quite an actor, that he always plays for a laugh, but the fist was no laughing matter.
He went on further to discuss the Mr. Fisher case.
Mr. Welch asked for a point of personal privilege.
It was that of him and he said that Mr. McCarty, that his cruelty and recklessness in his case is beyond measure the ask him that he not have a sense of decency.
Whereupon, Senator Mr. Welch said that he has no further questions for the witness and ask the chairman, that is, meaning Mr. Cohn, an ask the chairman to call the next witness.
Fair gunner back now with an air gun.